Mike Huckabee the Huckabee the former
governor of Arkansas has been showing
off his sense of humor on Twitter a lot
lately every day he writes jokes but
like a lot of great comedy voices not
everyone gets it some people have been
posting tweets criticizing his joke
writing to which he retorted I tweet
from my amusement in your amazement the
haters trolls humorless people you
really shouldn't follow me it's way over
your head and maybe he's right
maybe it is over our heads maybe these
jokes are great I mean he's a funny guy
look at this family Christmas Card you
know you don't wear a shirt like this
without wanting to make people laugh so
maybe when Mike Huckabee needs is a
stronger presentation jokes don't always
have the same punch when you read them
to yourself so tonight we asked not just
a professional comedian a great comedian
to do some of Mike Huckabee's Twitter
jokes to bring them to life on a stage
or what that said please welcome Patton
Oswald everyone thank you guys
thank you
thank you Wow wow thank you
hi boy have you guys been watching the
news lately it's crazy
speaking of the news breaking news Jimmy
Dean sausage company will be renamed
Gorsuch sausage because he's grinding up
some Democrat senators into pure pork
sausage traveling's weird boy I was in
Norway last week only english-speaking
TV I get it Norway is BBC oh my it
stands for
biased boring crap it's more effective
than ambien as sleep inducer hey you
guys like mute you guys like music I
sure do but one kind of music I don't
like poop dog has nephew named Bow Wow
both bad dogs who advocate murder and
sex slavery for POTUS and first lady who
let the dogs out
okay they're giving me the light
I know I'll leave you with this this is
a this is a visual gag do you guys see
this Oh
as Hilary leaves rally um hang on Oh as
Hilary leaves rally email questions
continue to dog her to be frank
she's in trouble the comedy of Mike
Huckabee as presented by Patton Oswalt
everyone
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy